These are some of the general facts and special points about this system and also for general computer usage~
1. At the terminal, after opening it, the first statement that appears with the name of the user(marshad) and also the host
	name(pop-os) is known as "Command Prompt".Changing the usar name is not directly possible.For changing it, First all the 
	zip files must be removed and if all the processes are done, then also the original account's name would not be changed.
2. If the user's account crashes and also the password authentication does not work, then the whole os must be erased first form
	recovery mode then new syatem or the previous system must be restored.

3. Cryptsetup password and the account password are different in this system.Your Cryptsetup password mothere's second number and
	your account password is brother's number.If you change the password then the changes wpuld always takes place at your
	account password, not crypt.If you want to change the crypt password then you need to configure it and change it through 
	the system root.

4. If you write any built-in command with -h, like <sudo -h> then you would be able to see the functionality of that command.It like
	a help line or some information about that command.

5. There must not be taken any changes at the boot directory at the root of the system by the user manually.If any changes is taken
	by the user manually then thre would be massive fault while reeboting it.

6. The Opencv web-cam starter based on python, which you use is written at the python3 version.
	The command for starting the web-cam is just <python3 web-cam.py>.Then press enter and the cam would start working.

7. The option arguement of <ls -t>, where -t is used to sort the list the content up in a sorted manner based on there modification
	date and time.

8. Command options, like filenames in Linux, are case sensitive.

9. At visual studio code, if an infinite loop starts then it could be forcefully stoped by the command-> (ctrl + c).

10. Cryptdata is a encrypted home directory. It is used to secure sensitive data by encrypting it, and require a 
	password every time the system starts from power off-mode.

11. At the htop system observer window, 0 refers to the first cpu core and the 1 refers to the second cpu core. Since this system
	is only two core, it would show only 0 and 1 status bar, if the cpu consisted of more then two cores then there would be
	2, 3, 4 or more status bar.
				The <Green> color at the bar indicates Normal Processes.
				The <Blue> color at the bar indicates Low Priority Processes.
				The <Red> color at the bar indicates Kernel/System Processes.
				The <Orange> color at the bar indicates IRQ(interrupt, request usually hardware-related) processes.
	*The two core cpu is known as Dual Core CPU.

12. MEM is the physical memory of the sysem. Whereas, SWP is the swap memory.
	*swp is an extra memory for RAM. Though it have a larger capacity then RAM.

13. The 3 layers of a Linux system- 1. Kernel~ Core of the System.
				    2. Shell~ Command Line Interfaces. It is through where we interect with kernel.
				    4. Desktop Enviroment/ GUIs~ It is through where we see see the output of any operation

14. (Drivers)- Drivers are special software programmes that allow the operating system to communicate with diffrent different
		Hardware components.
